nodejs/README.md, before:

# How To Extend Azure IoT Hub Twins via Azure Blob Storage (Node.js)

Please refer to the [general overview](../README.md) for an introduction to this sample. This `nodejs` directory contains the Node.js specific details and example code.  

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- An Azure subscription. You can get a [free trial here](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/free/).
- An Azure IoT Hub device which receives twin updates from Azure IoT Hub. You can refer to the [Get started with device twins (Node)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-node-node-twin-getstarted) example to accomplish this.
- An Azure Storage account with a blob container. You can refer to the [Quickstart]  (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/storage-quickstart-blobs-nodejs) to accomplish this.
- Node.js v8.11.2 or higher  
- (Optional) [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest)  

### Quickstart

- Retrieve the device connection string for your IoT Hub device; e.g., execute the following Azure CLI command `az iot hub device-identity show-connection-string --hub-name YourIoTHubName --device-id MyNodeDevice --output table`
- Execute the sample client with this device connection string as an envrionment variable to the process; e.g., `DEVICE_CONNECTION_STRING="yourConnectionString" node client.js`

At this point, your client device is connected to IoT Hub and is registered to receive updates for its associated [device twin](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-devguide-device-twins).

## Demo

With the device client running, as accomplished in the Quickstart above, we would now like to update the twin with information that exceeds the size limit imposed by IoT Hub. To accomplish this, we will update the twin with a desired property which contains a reference to an external blob asset.

### Create the blob

### Update the twin

### Observe the result

Commit message:

Use ASCII example for nodejs demo flow

nodejs/README.md, after:

# How To Extend Azure IoT Hub Twins via Azure Blob Storage (Node.js)

Please refer to the [root README](../README.md) for a high level introduction of this sample. This document covers the details of the specific `nodejs` implementation.  

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

The [Prerequisites section of the root README](../README.md#prerequisites) contains more detailed references on how to provision the required resources:
- an Azure IoT Hub
  - with a device identity
- an Azure Storage account
  - with a blob container

### Quickstart

**Start the simulated device client**

In the `client` directory,

- Retrieve the device connection string for your IoT Hub device; e.g., execute the following Azure CLI command `az iot hub device-identity show-connection-string --hub-name YourIoTHubName --device-id MyNodeDevice --output table`
- Execute the sample client with this device connection string as an envrionment variable to the process; e.g., `DEVICE_CONNECTION_STRING="yourConnectionString" node client.js`

At this point, your client device is connected to IoT Hub and is registered to receive updates for its associated [device twin](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-devguide-device-twins).

**Apply a new asset**

In the `backend` directory,

- Copy `.env.template` to `.env` and update the values
  - Note that the DEVICE_QUERY_CONDITION in the template is intentionally set to a query which returns no devices
  - Note that the IOT_HUB_CONNECTION_STRING is **not the device connection string**, but rather an iothubowner connection; see [Access Control and Permissions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-devguide-security#iot-hub-permissions) and [Understand Different Connection Strings in Azure IoT Hub](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/iotdev/2017/05/09/understand-different-connection-strings-in-azure-iot-hub/).
- Execute the backend script to upload and apply a new blob; e.g., `node server.js mynewblob ../../sample-files/payload.txt`
